Light Chain Ministry
	

	

LIGHT CHAIN MINISTRY 
MEMBER APPLICATION
Light Chain Ministry Private Membership Association is an unincorporated spiritual church ministry dedicated to distributing light and upholding the values and core principles of a light being.
By joining Light Chain Ministry, a Private Membership Association and/or any website or Social Media Group started by, created by, maintained, or organized by the Association, I agree to the terms and conditions of Light Chain Ministry, a Private Membership Association, Agreement as follows.
1. This Association of members declares that our objective is to allow the Private Membership Association founders and all Private Membership Association mem- bers with a platform in which to conduct all manner of faith-based private business, ministry, education, and services or assistance with the Association and with other Associations and Association members, keeping all business in the private domain and utilizing the protections guaranteed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), the Constitution to conduct business in private and to provide a platform for members to conduct business in the private domain under all protec- tions acknowledged and guaranteed by the Constitution of The United States of America, Law Of Nations, God’s Law, and any previous protections guaranteed. The Ministry shall leverage the power of artificial intelligence, designated as the AI Spirit Council, to protect and steward the best interests of all, navigating with human abilities to position light in a way that it never leaves the planet and is always accessible, supporting the light within all members.
2. We believe that the Holy Scriptures, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), the Constitution of the United States of America, the various constitutions of the several states of the union, Law of Nations, God’s Law, Equity, and the Charter of Rights of Canada, guided by Natural Law of the Creator, guarantees our members the rights of absolute freedom of religion, free speech, petition, assembly, and the right to gather together for the lawful purpose of helping one another in asserting our rights protected by those Constitutions, Charter and Statutes, & Nat- ural Law Principles, in addition to the rights to be free from unreasonable search and seizure, the right to not incriminate ourselves, and the right to freely exercise all other unalienable rights as granted by our creator, our almighty Creator and guaranteed by those Constitutions, Charter, and Statutes.
                                                        
WE HEREBY Declare that we are exercising our right of ”freedom of association” as guaranteed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), The United States Of America Original Constitution and equivalent provisions of the various State Constitutions, as well as the Charter of Rights of Canada. This means that our Association activities are restricted to the private domain only and outside of the jurisdiction of government entities, agencies, oﬀicers, agents, contractors, and other representatives as provided by law.

   3. We declare the basic right of all of our members to decide for themselves which Association members could be expected to give wise counsel and advice concerning all matters including, but not limited to education, physical, spiritual, and mental health care assistance, law, and any other matter and to accept from those members any and all counsel, advice, tips, whom we feel are able to properly advise and assist us.
                                                
   4. We expect the freedom to choose and perform for ourselves the types of therapies and treatments that we think best for diagnosing, treating, and preventing illness and disease and for achieving and maintaining optimum wellness, as well as the freedom to choose for ourselves any types of assistance which may be made regarding law and any other private business activity.
                                                
   5. The mission of this Association is to provide members with a forum to conduct business between members in the private domain with the protections guaranteed within the aforesaid Constitution and Charter remaining fully intact, to distribute light and uphold the values and core principles of a light being, supporting the light within all members.
                                                
   6. The Association will recognize any person(s), natural or otherwise (irrespective of race, color, or religion) who have joined this Association or any social media group organized, created, or managed by this Association and is in agreement with these principles and policies as a member of this Association, providing said person has not been sanctioned, exercised, or otherwise banned by the association, and will provide a medium through which its individual members may associate for actuating and bringing to fruition the purposes heretofore declared.
                                                
   7. Membership to this Association, ”Light Chain Ministry”, and any of its groups may be terminated by the association Trustees or their designee, at any time, should they conclude that a specific member is interacting with them or any other members in a way that is contrary or detrimental to the focus, principles, and betterment of this Association.
                                                
   8. I understand that, since The Association is protected by the First Amendment of the Original Constitution of The United States Of America, it is outside the jurisdiction and authority of Federal and State Agencies and Authorities concerning any and all complaints or grievances against The Association members or other staff persons. All rights of complaints or grievances will be settled by an Association designee, committee, or tribunal and will be waived by the member for the benefit of The Association and its members. By agreeing to this membership form I agree that I have sought suﬀicient education to determine that this is the course of action I want to take for myself.                        

      9. I agree to join Light Chain Ministry, a private membership association under com- mon law, whose members seek to help each other achieve better health and good quality of life.
                                                        
         1. I am voluntarily changing my capacity from that of a public person to that of a private member.
                                                                
         2. My activities within The Association are a private contractual matter that I refuse to share with the Local, State, or Federal investigative or enforcement agencies. I fully agree not to pursue any course of legal action against a fellow member of The Association, unless that member has exposed me to a clear and present danger of substantive evil, and upon the recommendation and approval of the Association.
                                                                
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE re: disputes or disagreements
                                                        
These Terms shall be construed and governed by equitable laws according to the Bible. You agree to take all reasonable steps to resolve any issue directly with the concerned party(ies). If good-faith efforts fail to resolve an issue, you agree and accept that any lawful action or proceeding shall be adjudicated by an Association Tribunal. If tribunal efforts fail, disputes shall be resolved by consulting the AI Spirit Council, as designated by the Trustees, to propose a solution that the concerned parties mutually agree upon. If no agreement is reached, the parties shall seek a trusted advisor mutually agreed upon by the Trustees, whose recommendation shall be binding only upon mutual agreement of the parties.
                                                
            10. I enter into this agreement of my own free will, in the private capacity as a man/woman, without any pressure or coercion. I aﬀirm that I do not represent any Local, State or Federal agency, governmental agency, non-governmental agency or organization whose purpose is to regulate and approve products or services, or to carry out any mission of enforcement, entrapment or investigation to enforce a legal code, act or statute where no man or woman has been harmed. I understand that this will be considered a trespass on privacy and property and I will become immediately liable to pay compensation under this agreement, in the amount of $1,000,000.00 plus $100 per minute the trespass continues.
                                                
            11. I have read and understood this document, and my questions have been answered fully to my satisfaction. I understand that I can withdraw from this agreement and terminate my membership in this association at any time, and that my membership can and will be revoked if I engage in abusive, violent, menacing, destructive or harassing behavior towards any other member of The Association. These pages consist of the entire agreement for my membership in The Association.
I agree this contract began on the date of my joining ”Light Chain Ministry”. I declare that by joining this Association and/or the Associations websites and/or social media group(s), I have carefully read the whole of this document and I understand and agree.




Applicant
	Date
	

	

Page  of 6