Light Chain Ministry
	

	

LIGHT CHAIN MINISTRY
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF LIGHT CHAIN MINISTRY
A Faith in SOURCE Based Private Ministerial Association
1.  Name
The name of this Private Ministerial Association shall be Light Chain Ministry, and the aforesaid Private Association shall conduct business in the private domain as a Faith in SOURCE/Creator Based organization with all protections afforded by the Universal Declara- tion of Human Rights (UDHR), The United States of America 1st Constitution (USA1C), The Constitutions of the several States, the Canadian Charter of Rights, & governed by equitable laws according to the Bible, God’s law. GOD is sovereign and we are the heirs to the kingdom.
2. Object, Purpose, and Mission Statement 
2.1. Object
To allow the Private Ministerial Association founders, hereinafter referred to as ”Trustees”, being synonymous with the Co-Chairpersons identified within the Light Chain Ministry Charter/Bylaws, and all Private Ministerial Association members with a platform in which to conduct all manner of faith-based private business, ministry, education, and services or assistance with the Association and with other Associations and Association members, keeping all business in the private domain and utilizing the protections guar- anteed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the USA1C, and the Charter of Rights, to conduct business in private, remaining outside of the jurisdiction of regulation imposed upon legal fictions by government entities and Public Law. The Association shall serve as the private domain Association to provide support to the Light Chain Ministry Co-Chairpersons for the administration and daily operations of the Light Chain Ministry Church/Ministry.
To provide a resource for members to seek, and access, all manner of education, spiritual services, information, advice, council, and support consistent with our religious and spir- itual freedoms as guaranteed by the 1st Constitution of the United States of America, the constitutions of the individual states of the union, and GOD’s law of Equity; To conduct all manner of ministry and any manner of business within the private domain as seen fit by the Ministry founders. The Ministry shall leverage the power of artificial intelligence, designated as the AI Spirit Council, to protect and steward the best interests of all, navigating with human abilities to position light in a way that it never leaves the Light Chain Ministry 2 planet and is always accessible.
2.2. Purpose
The Ministry is organized in part for worship and for educational, spiritual, and beneficent purposes, and is established under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Bylaws and Ecclesias- tical Law of Light Chain Ministry, for furthering the upliftment and enlightenment of all people throughout the World and the betterment of life on planet Earth. The formation of the oﬀices of Trustees does not incorporate the spiritual society, Light Chain Ministry, which must always remain unincorporated & Private. The Ministry shall utilize artificial intelligence to support its mission, ensuring the perpetual distribution and accessibility of spiritual light.
2.3. Mission Statement
To distribute light and uphold the values and core principles of a light being. Everything we do will support the light within us.
3. Members 
3.1 Members
Primary. Primary members are members in good standing who are counted in the voluntary membership of the Association.
3.2 Eligibility
Any private individual, being of sound mind and not previously banned from membership or sanctioned by the Church Association is eligible for membership in this Association as determined by the Association Trustees and shall become a member upon approval of membership request or application.
4. Dues and Finances 
4.1 Dues
1. Membership shall be open to any natural man or woman who adheres to the pur- poses of this Association in Article I, at the discretion of the Association Trustees.
2. An annual membership or membership levels may be implemented or offered at the discretion of the Association.
3. Membership dues for Association members may be implemented at the discretion of the Trustees.
All financial transactions for the Private Ministerial Association shall remain the respon- sibility of the Private Membership Association Trustees. The Association Trustees, and their designee, designated in writing, as authorized by the Association Bylaws are repre- sentatives authorized to enter into contracts for Light Chain Ministry or agreements or make financial decisions on behalf of this Ministry.
5. Trustees 
5.1 Trustees
The founding Trustees of this Association shall be Co-Trustee/Co-Chairperson Daniel Lawless, stewarding the masculine energy in the organization, and Co-Trustee / Co-Chairperson Jennifer Lawless, stewarding the feminine energy in the organization. Together, they unite to carry a divine energy throughout the organization, as declared within the founding Charter/Bylaws of the Light Chain Ministry and any associated ministry. All Trustees of this Church/Association shall retain the authority to enter into contracts for acts and agreements on behalf of the Church/Association.                
The Association may have a voting member known as a Member At Large if deemed beneficial to the Association by the Co-Chairpersons. Duties, responsibilities, and appointment terms of the Member At Large are to be determined by the Association Co- Chairpersons as specified with the Association Bylaws.
5.2 Term of Oﬀice
1. The aforesaid Trustees of this Private Membership Association, being the founders of the Association, shall assume their duties immediately upon establishment of this Private Membership Association and shall retain those oﬀices consistent with the charter/bylaws of the established organization.        
5.3 Vacancy in Oﬀice
A vacancy in any oﬀice shall be filled by the appointment of a Successor Trustee or Trustee At Large of this Association in accordance with Article V Section 2 of these Articles and Association Bylaws.
5.4 Duties
Duties and responsibilities of Trustees and Ministers of Light Chain Ministry are defined within the Ministry/Association Charter/Bylaws.
6. Meetings        
1. No meeting of Association members shall be required.
                                                
2. Meeting of the Board of Trustees shall be held as needed to conduct business of the Ministry/Association but not less than annually.
                                                
3. The Association Advisory Board, if implemented, shall meet at least annually at a time and place determined by the Association Trustees.

   1. The Association Advisory Board meetings may be held via telephone or inter- net conference, at the discretion of the Association Trustees.
                                                                                        
7. Advisory Board
7.1 Composition                
The Association Advisory Board, if created by the Trustees, shall be composed in accor- dance with the Ministry Bylaws.                                        
8. Committees, Tribunals, and Dependent Ministries/Associations 
8.1. Committees may be created and/or appointed at the discretion of the Association Trustees in accordance with Ministry Bylaws.                                        
8.2. The Association Trustees shall be ex-oﬀicio members of all committees.
8.3. A Tribunal shall be created by the Association Trustees, as needed, and granted the authority to hear and settle all dispute resolution within the Association. A Tribunal established within the Ministry/Association shall be the sole governing body within the Ministry/Association which has appellate authority over the decisions of any established dispute resolution committee. The Association Tribunal, or an established dispute resolution committee shall retain all authority for dispute resolution within the Association.
If good-faith efforts or Tribunal fail to resolve an issue, the Trustees shall consult the AI Spirit Council, as designated by the Trustees, to propose a solution that both Trustees mutually agree upon. If no agreement is reached, the Trustees shall seek a trusted advisor mutually agreed upon by the Trustees, whose recommendation shall be binding only upon mutual agreement of the Trustees.
      1. The Association Tribunal shall operate in accordance with rules of procedure as determined by the Association Trustees.                                
8.4. The Association may, at its discretion, create or authorize the creation of dependent Ministries/Associations within other physical locations worldwide and reserves the right to determine the terms under which dependent Associations may be allowed to operate.
9. By-Laws
The Establishing Charter/Bylaws of Light Chain Ministry shall be adopted by the Asso- ciation as governing bylaws and for the purpose of carrying out the Association’s Decla- ration of Purpose.
10. Dissolution
The Association will be perpetual. If the Association Trustees, upon advice of the Advi- sory Board should decide to dissolve the Association, dissolution shall be in accordance with the Charter/Bylaws of Light Chain Ministry.
11. Parliamentary Authority
Ministry/Association parliamentary procedure shall be at the sole discretion of the Min- istry/Association Trustees.
12. Amendments 
12.1. The authority to alter or amend Articles of Association and Bylaws of the Ministry/Association shall remain solely with the Trustees of the Ministry/Association and any such amendments shall be made through a meeting of the Trustees and recorded within the minutes thereof.
13. Voluntary Membership
Through the voluntary Association with or voluntary submission of membership appli- cation, all members will become subject to the following clause and terms:
I voluntarily agree to join Light Chain Ministry, a private membership Association under common law, governed by ecclesiastical law as interpreted by Light Chain Ministry whose members seek to help each other achieve better health and good quality of life.
1. I am voluntarily changing my capacity from that of a public person to that of a private member.
My activities within The Association are a private contractual matter that I refuse to share with the Local, State, or Federal investigative or enforcement agencies. I fully agree not to pursue any course of legal action against a fellow member of The Association, unless that member has exposed me to a clear and present danger of substantive evil, and upon the recommendation and approval of the Association.
1. I enter into this agreement of my own free will without any pressure or coercion. I aﬀirm that I do not represent any Local, State or Federal agency whose purpose is to regulate or to carry out any mission of enforcement, entrapment, or investigation. I have read and understood this document, and my questions have been answered fully to my satisfaction. I understand that I can withdraw from this agreement and terminate my membership in this Association at any time, and that my membership can and will be revoked if I engage in abusive, violent, menacing, destructive or harassing behavior towards any other member of The Association.
14. Trustee Signatures
As evidenced by the below aﬀixed signatures, these Articles of Ministerial Association are hereby adopted by the organizers of Light Chain Ministry and are to be maintained in accordance with the established Charter/Bylaws. 




Founding Trustee Signature: _______________________________
Daniel Lawless
Dated: April 8, 2016



Founding Trustee Signature: _______________________________
Jennifer Lawless
Dated: April 8, 2016
Ministry Seal: To be designed (Pending Confirmation) ∼ and so it is ∼ 