Light Chain Ministry
	

	

LIGHT CHAIN MINISTRY


DECLARATION OF CHARTER/BYLAWS OF LIGHT CHAIN MINISTRY, A PRIVATE SPIRITUAL CHURCH MINISTERIAL ASSOCIATION




For the formation of:
Light Chain Ministry
Organization for Spiritual Transformation with Reliance upon our Faith in SOURCE A SPIRITUAL CHURCH MINISTRY 
EST: April 8, 2016




CHARTER/BYLAWS AND DECLARATION FOR A SPIRITUAL CHURCH MINISTRY
EXECUTED UNDER THE LAWS OF NATURE AND NATURE’S GOD IN ACCORDANCE WITH UNIVERSAL CONTRACT LAW
PREAMBLE
This Charter/Bylaws and Declaration of a Spiritual Church Ministry, founded as a Private Ministerial Association, henceforth known as Light Chain Ministry, is made this June 21, 2025 (Pending Confirmation), by Founding Trustees, Daniel Lawless and Jennifer Lawless, who shall be known as Trustees and Ministers of Light Chain Ministry.                                        
1. Purpose
This association is created and organized to operate within the private domain as a Private Membership Association. The purposes for which it is organized are set forth in the Articles of Association, and in part are as follows: To allow the Private Membership Association founders and all Private Membership Association members with a platform in which to conduct all manner of faith-based private business, ministry, education, and services or assistance with the Association and with other Associations and Association members, keeping all business in the private domain and utilizing the protections guaranteed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Constitutions, and the Charter of Rights, to conduct business in private, remaining outside of the jurisdiction of regulation imposed upon legal fictions by government entities and Public Law.
To provide a resource for members to seek, and access, all manner of education, information, services, advice, council, and support consistent with our religious and spiritual freedoms as guaranteed by the Constitution of The United States of America, the constitutions of the individual states of the union; To conduct all manner of ministry and any manner of business within the private domain as seen fit by the Association founders and Trustees.
The Spiritual Association/Church/Ministry defined by this Declaration is organized for worship, educational, spiritual freedom, faith and reliance upon GOD, and beneficent purposes, and is established under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Law of Light Chain Ministry, for furthering the uplifting and enlightenment of all people who voluntarily choose to associate with this ministry throughout the World and the betterment of life on planet Earth. Light Chain Ministry must always remain an unincorporated and Private Ministry dedicated to this purpose.                                        
2. Appointment and Powers of Trustees and Members of the Board of Advisors                                
2.1. Upon completion and adoption of these bylaws, the founding Ministry Co-Trustees, Daniel Lawless and Jennifer Lawless, shall serve thereafter as the Trustees of this Ministry, with authority over all affairs of the Ministry, both temporal and spiritual, provided for in these charters and the minutes of Light Chain Ministry.
2.1.1. The Trustees designated as Co-Chairpersons shall retain all rights to unlimited contract on behalf of the Ministry and shall retain full authority to designate or delegate powers and duties to other Trustees or appointed ministers.
2.2. The Co-Chairpersons may establish and appoint other members, who shall be known as ”Advisors,” to an Advisory Board who may act in a manner to advise Trustees on any matter affecting the operation of the Ministry. The Ministry Advisory Board shall not have governing authority over the Ministry or the activities of the Ministry but shall serve in an advisory capacity. Co-founding Trustees serve as the stewards and possessors of title of the Ministry’s assets which shall be used for the purposes deemed beneficial to the Ministry at their sole discretion, with or without the advice of the Ministry Advisory Board.                                
2.3. The Advisors must conserve and minister in accordance with the Tenets, Creed, and Principles of Light Chain Ministry and the principles of Higher Truth in accordance with the best of the Advisors’ abilities, exercising judgment and discretion in administering the Advisors’ duties in good faith strictly in conformity with the purpose, provisions, spirit, and intent hereof.                                
2.4. Upon a Board of Advisors being created by the Co-Chairpersons, the Advisors may not be less than two in number and may be increased by the Co-Chairpersons beyond two in number for any reason the Co-Chairpersons believe is beneficial for the Ministry. The appointed Advisors, together with those Trustees, for the purpose of filling future vacancies and appointing Successor Trustees, shall hold oﬀice and collectively minister affairs of Light Chain Ministry, a Spiritual Church Ministry; PROVIDED, however, that an Advisor may resign, both with and without notice, and also may be removed from oﬀice by a Resolution of at least two-thirds (2/3) vote of the Trustees whenever in the opinion of said majority such offending Advisor shall have been deemed guilty of such acts that are repugnant to the tenets and precepts of this Ministry, and PROVIDED, further, that in the event of any vacancy, increase in number, death of an Advisor, removal from the Board, resignation, and the like, the remaining Advisors may recommend appointment of a successor (and all newly appointed Advisors) by the unanimous concurrence of the Advisors.                                        
2.5. The signing of an acknowledgment of acceptance of the oﬀice of the Board of Advisors by the Co-Chairpersons constitutes investiture as such.                                
2.6. Light Chain Ministry is created under powers and authority of the Covenant with the Creator that each peculiar member of Light Chain Ministry possesses.
Light Chain Ministry recognizes unalienable rights, not limited to but recognized as:
1. Acquiring and possessing, by donation, gift, bequest, devise, and purchase, and holding and maintaining, property—real, personal, and mixed—holding title absolute by conveyance, with right for granting, selling, conveying, renting, and otherwise disposing of said property as may be necessary for furthering the objectives of the Ministry, for the use and behoof of Light Chain Ministry forever, in unalloyed temporal and spiritual capacity.
                                                
2. Exercising seigniorage; borrowing and lending money; giving promissory notes as well as other written obligation therefore by note, and securing the payment thereof by a lien, such as mortgage, upon hereditaments, both corporeal and incorporeal, real, personal, and mixed.
                                
   3. Buying, selling, leasing, mortgaging, and in every way dealing in land and chattels in the same manner that a natural man may, and without the order of any court.
                                                
   4. Receiving bequests and devises for exclusive use of the Ministry in the same manner as a living, sentient man.
                                                
   5. Appointing, and being appointed as, an attorney in fact.
                                                
   6. Retaining unlimited power of Contract.
                                                
   7. Suing and being sued, pleading, and being pleaded, in tribunals of competent jurisdiction at the discretion of Ministry Trustees.
                                                
   8. Having and using a common seal by which all deeds and acts of the Ministry may be authenticated.
                                                
   9. Exercising any other just, lawful, and ethical rights and powers bestowed upon man by the Creator and as may be declared by authority of the Ministry, as established at any time in accordance with the Articles of Association and Charter/Bylaws of Light Chain Ministry.                        
2.7. The Trustees may provide for regular church/ministry meetings or activities at stated intervals without notice. Special meetings may be called at any time by any two or more Advisors upon three (3) days prior written notice mailed or delivered to the Trustees and Advisors. At all meetings, the presence of both Co-Chairpersons (Daniel Lawless and Jennifer Lawless) is required to constitute a quorum for the conduct of business. Decisions shall be made by a three-way vote between the Co-Chairpersons. In the event of a disagreement between the Co-Chairpersons, the matter shall be submitted to a thirdparty arbitrator selected by mutual agreement of the Co-Chairpersons, whose decision shall be binding.                                
2.8. The powers of the Trustees, any and all Ministry Committees and Tribunals, acting on behalf of the Light Chain Ministry/Church are absolute, exclusive, and unlimited in all matters in which the Ministry has authority to act, in accordance with the laws of nature and of nature’s God and in concert with the ecclesiastical law as interpreted by the Ministry, and are broadly construed as general powers of both natural and artificial inhabitants of planet Earth, under the Laws of God/Creator, which permit acting in any manner that does not cause others harm and does not impair, impede, or infringe upon the unalienable rights granted to another living man. All said powers may be delegated at the sole discretion of the Trustees.
2.9. Resolutions of the Board of Trustees, or the Co-Chairpersons, authorizing the undertaking of a project constitutes evidence that such project is within the Board’s power.                                
2.10. No one providing the Ministry donations, loans, and payments shall require disclosure and accounting of the application made by the Trustees or Co-Chairpersons of whatever funds are received by the Ministry. All funds received by the Ministry shall be managed and used at the discretion of the Trustees, or their designee, with or without approval of the Advisors, as provided by this Declaration and recorded in the minutes of meeting of the Board of Trustees of Light Chain Ministry.                                        
2.11. All Advisors shall serve without posting any security, such as fidelity bonds.
2.12. The Advisors shall regard this instrument, sacred writings and works of wisdom from diverse sources, Prayer, and the Holy Spirit as their guide, which may be supplemented upon occasion by the By-laws, Regulations, and resolutions of the Board for the purpose of covering contingencies that may arise and which shall be recorded in the Minutes of this Ministry.                                
2.13. The Trustees may fix and pay reasonable compensation for any minister, contracted worker, agent, and the like, at the discretion of the Trustees, and the Board of Trustees may pay Trustees reasonable compensation for services performed or, at the discretion of any individual Trustees, may choose to opt for the Trustees, as ministers of the Ministry to accept an ecclesiastical “vow of poverty” in which case the Ministry shall become responsible for providing for all needs of that Trustee, as a minister of Light Chain Ministry, including but not limited to all physical and worldly needs and goods, housing, food, transportation, expenses, and recreation for the comfort and lifestyle maintenance of the Trustee/Minister. (Pending Confirmation of Compensation Preference)                                        
2.14. The Ministry, through the Trustees, with reliance upon the authority of the Creator and ecclesiastical law as interpreted by the ministry Trustees, shall retain all authority to appoint or ordain ministers for and of this Ministry and shall have sole authority to determine necessary qualifications or traits required of ministers and shall retain sole authority in determining levels of education and education/training requirements for any minister.                                        
2.15. The Trustees and ministers shall, in their sole capacity as Trustees and ministers, have and assume only such liability as is defined by the founding documents of this Ministry and any amendments made to the founding documents in accordance with the ministry Bylaws. Any fiduciary liability shall neither jeopardize nor limit the individual performance of the parties. The Trustees shall be reimbursed and exonerated by this Ministry for any losses occasioned by the Trustees while serving as such, in the same extent as would non-interested persons.                                        
2.16. The Trustees may, at any meeting, appoint additional Trustees, a Trustee At Large, or Successor Trustees to act on behalf of this Ministry in the event of the death, disability, or incapacity of a Co-Chairperson.                                        
2.17. The Advisors shall have and possess only such authority as provided in these Bylaws.                                        
2.18. An Advisor may be ordained and commissioned by this Ministry at the discretion of the Co-Chairpersons. An Advisor must be a product of a deep-seated conviction with respect to Source and Nature and is fully committed to seek the Truth through Prayer, Meditation, the Holy Spirit, study of the Holy Bible, communing with Nature, and otherwise.                                
3. Charter of Light Chain Ministry 
3.1. It is expressly declared that this Ministry, which is established in accordance with the laws of nature and nature’s God, Ministry ecclesiastical law, the constitution(s) within any of the several states of the United States of America, is a private entity.                
3.2. The Ministry terminology used in this charter and its supporting documents is used solely for clarification of the various usages for Light Chain Ministry under universal contract law by and between free, spiritually autonomous, sentient beings whose lives and rights derive from God Almighty The Creator, Nature, and the unique Covenant of each party with the Creator.
4. Name, Domicile, and Oﬀices                                
The Co-Chairpersons and Co-Founding Trustees are collectively designated as the Board of Trustees for Light Chain Ministry, in which name the Co-Chairpersons and Co-Trustees may execute and convey personal property and any interest therein, sue and be sued with consent (see Section Seven), and conduct all said business of this Ministry. The principal domicile and place of ministry shall be exclusively determined by the Board of Trustees with subordinate locations as determined to be beneficial to the Ministry. (Pending Confirmation of Domicile)                        
5. Venue and Jurisdiction                                        
Excepting chain of title on all land titles, all business, and affairs of the Light Chain Ministry Church remains exclusively within the jurisdiction of the laws of nature and Nature’s God and ecclesiastical law as defined, interpreted, and adjudicated by the designated committees and Tribunals of Light Chain Ministry. Venue and jurisdiction are solely within Ecclesiastical Courts or Tribunals of Light Chain Ministry, and all hearings, proceedings, and trials must be recorded in the records of the Ecclesiastical Court/Tribunal of Light Chain Ministry. All other courts of any jurisdiction foreign to the Courts/Tribunals of Light Chain Ministry lack personal or subject matter jurisdiction to hear or decide any matter of Ecclesiastical Law of Light Chain Ministry.
The eternal Covenant of the Undersigned with the Creator remains paramount in all matters. As it is written: “... we ought to obey God rather than man”, Acts 5:29; and “No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other, or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.”, Matt. 6:24. 
With the intent of living in peace with all people and living beings in the Kingdom of Source, each Trustee and each minister is established as an Ecclesiastical Emissary with neutral, non-engaged, status, and is not involved in any manner with any disputes, conflicts, wars, and declarations of war powers involving any other parties.
By the authority of the laws of nature and between each Trustee of Light Chain Ministry and members, all Trustees possess such absolute rights and powers as authority for:        
      * Utilizing freely the dominion given to man over the animals of the earth and without interference or sanction from any source, all-natural substances as sacraments, for health, healing, and other purposes in accordance with our faith placed in nature and Nature’s God.

      * Issuing for all Members of Light Chain Ministry any permits, licenses, certificates of membership, certificates of ordination, diplomas, certificates of training, or other documents deemed beneficial to Trustees, Ministers, or other members of the Private Ministerial Association within the jurisdiction of ecclesiastical law.
                                
      * Creating, preserving, maintaining inviolate, and providing full and unalloyed protection and immunity of every kind whatsoever for all who seek spiritual sanctuary within, and abide on the soil of, any land, buildings, and dwellings of Light Chain Ministry, under the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Law of Light Chain Ministry. Said protection and immunity secures inviolate all rights regarding privacy, security, and safety of the person, possessions, papers, and effects of guests and all household dwellers against intrusion of any kind from any source.
6. Authority and Capacity
Authority for establishing Light Chain Ministry derives exclusively from the absolute, inherent, unalienable right of the Undersigned Trustees, and of each individual Member of the unincorporated spiritual society, Light Chain Ministry, in and through the Life, Being, Conscience, and Consciousness of the Undersigned and each Member of Light Chain Ministry, for recognizing and proclaiming the existence of the eternal Covenant with the immortal, uncreated Source of Life of the Undersigned and of each Member of Light Chain Ministry, concerning which Covenant all Members of Light Chain Ministry owe unalienable allegiance and are bound by conviction, creed, and commitment.
No Member of Light Chain Ministry may under any circumstances, nor for any reason, abrogate the terms of said binding, absolute, inviolable Covenant. Neither do any other parties, beings, entities, governments, corporations sole, corporations aggregate, nor any legal persons of any kind whatsoever, possess ethical and lawful authority for interfering in the relationship between any Member of Light Chain Ministry and God Almighty that is signified by this Declaration, in accord with the prohibition against impairing the obligation of Light Chain Ministry.
The Undersigned and each Member of Light Chain Ministry recognize that every man and woman is a spiritually autonomous unit of free will, sovereignty, self-responsibility, and self-government, and in such capacity may live in accordance with any covenant that such autonomous beings proclaim as established with any party, being, entity, government, legal person, and the like.
The sovereign authority SOURCE and capacity of the Undersigned and each Member of Light Chain Ministry for aﬀirming the existence and establishment of this Ministry is eternally in full force and effect, i.e., “nunc pro tunc” before the foundation of the world.
Said Covenant is inviolate and must not be abrogated in any manner by anyone, such as based on unilateral action, presumption, consensus, decree, and the like, any more than the eternal and immutable laws of existence can be invalidated by man.
As it is written: “Thou shalt have no other gods before me.” Exodus 20:3.
7. Non-Liability of Members of the Board of Trustees
The Members of the Board of Trustees may not under any circumstances be held liable for liabilities of this Ministry excepting any liability defined within the Bylaws. All people and persons dealing with this Ministry may address only funds and assets of Light Chain Ministry for the payment of any claim, debt, judgment, obligation, as well as of any “money,” that may become due and payable in any way regarding Light Chain Ministry. All actions, claims, and suits MUST be adjudicated in the Tribunals of Light Chain Ministry as set forth in this Declaration.
8. Assets
All hereditaments and possessions of Light Chain Ministry are the property of God Almighty, the Creator of heaven and earth, and are held in trust and stewardship by the Trustees for the perpetual use, purpose, benefit, behest, and behoof of the peculiar Membership of this unincorporated Private Ministerial Association. If at some time there is no individual Members of Light Chain Ministry holding the Oﬀices of Trustee, all assets are re-vested with the unincorporated Light Chain Ministry and to be held until appointment of successor trustees has been made in accordance with Association Bylaws.
9. Distributions 
9.1. The Board of Trustees may set aside any net, non-taxable increase accruing in favor of this Ministry in amounts that the Board, in the Board’s sole discretion, deems appropriate for retaining reserves and additional assets of this Ministry.
9.2. Since this Ministry is world-wide in scope, the Board may set aside such funds for providing spiritual freedom and humanitarian benefit as the Board may decide.
10. Execution
The Co-Chairpersons and Co-Founding Trustees, and their specific designee(s) possess exclusive authority for executing all documents and instruments, such as contracts, conveyances, deeds, quitclaims, assignments, assignment of any part of the title on assets and property of this Ministry.                                
11. Succession
By execution of this charter and Bylaws the undersigned Trustees and Managing CoChairpersons, and every Successor in Oﬀice by the same Title, do hereby create and establish a body politic and a Ministry whose faith and reliance are in Nature and Nature’s God, with continuous perpetual succession.
In accordance with the disciplines of this Private Ministry, Light Chain Ministry, any vacancy occurring in the administration of Light Chain Ministry must be filled in accordance with the Ministry/Private Ministerial Association Bylaws.
12. Acting as Guarantor
The Trustees, Co-Chairpersons, or specified designee, at the discretion of the Trustees, may upon occasion pledge the assets of the Ministry as Guarantor for any person, company, and other legal entity.
13. Notice of Limited Liability
Notice is hereby given that all people, persons, and entities who extend this Ministry credit, contracting with Light Chain Ministry, as well as having claims against this Ministry, may regard only the property and other assets of this Ministry for payment and for settlement of any claims, debts, judgment (decree), award, and other obligation that may become payable thereunder. The Trustees, Ministers, and other members are not personally liable when dealing with any business matters of this Ministry.
14. Covenants
Light Chain Ministry, a Private Ministerial Association, establishes for this Ministry a Covenant of Silence. This Covenant of Silence is between the Holder of Oﬀice and the individual Members dealing in any secular and spiritual relationship, document, and matter involved in the relationship between the parties, which is considered private and consecrated. The Trustees, Ministers, and Members are required to aﬀirm acceptance and to observe this covenant and keep all private matters private until death.
15. Termination
Upon the termination of this Ministry for any cause, the Board of Trustees may liquidate the estate of the Ministry, if deemed preferable, by disposing of its properties and assets for such amounts and upon such terms as the Board deems prudent. After discharging all proper lawful obligations of this Ministry, the Board shall distribute in favor of other unincorporated Spiritual Ministries—with goals compatible with the principles and purposes of Light Chain Ministry—the proceeds and remaining assets in any currency the Board deems appropriate. For these purposes, the Trustees shall continue acting until such duties have been fully performed, whereupon this Ministry shall be finally closed.
16. Interpretation, Disputes and Claims 
16.1. Regarding any question concerning interpretation and construction of this charter and Declaration of Ministry, including all supporting documents, the Board retains exclusive authority for construing this instrument in accordance with its good-faith construction and retains all right to alter or amend these charter/bylaws by implementation of the minutes of board meeting. Said construction, as stated in the Minutes, shall be final, conclusive, and binding on this Ministry, as well as all other people, persons, and entities excepting only obligations of contract then in place.
16.2. This Charter creates a PRIVATE Ministerial Association and Ministry. All interpretations shall be under the Laws of God as interpreted and adjudicated by the Tribunals of Light Chain Ministry. For Guidance, all concerned parties, including dispute resolution committees, arbitration tribunals, and courts with jurisdiction granted, may consult appropriate court rulings concerning integrated auxiliaries of a Ministry of this type.
17. Savings Clause
If any provision of this Declaration is deemed invalid by competent authority for any reason under circumstances, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless stand and remain in full force and effect.




Founding Trustee Signature: _______________________________
Daniel Lawless
Dated: April 8, 2016



Founding Trustee Signature: _______________________________
Jennifer Lawless
Dated: April 8, 2016
Ministry Seal: To be designed (Pending Confirmation) ∼ and so it is ∼ 
